hi my name is dill I'm your average guy
who worked the 95 job until I decided to
chuck it all and travel solo throughout
Latin America my daughter's thing this
journey will take you to over 15
countries and 25,000 miles for a period
of eight months probably traveling off
the grid but we'll be uploading my
experience constantly great to bring
near the viewer along for the ride you
can follow me here on youtube or on my
blog in analyst writer come let's see
where I am and what I'm up to now
this one goes out to Bob and I just
totally Bob if you're watching you would
go crazy TV and Mexico for the rest of
my viewers who don't know Bob Bob with
my former boss who is against an
incredible specular stickler for driving
etiquette or just just following the
road the rule of the table
following the laws of the road from
plain sight and means we would often big
bomb we would often go to know what if
these guys okay my visor huh two pesos
visor cleaning and it would Bob with me
completely irate at the drop of the Hat
it's seven didn't like the turn signal
and I kind of aggressively drive around
them and retaliation and all I have to
say is that like there is no rules here
there is no signaling it's just you nod
your way and you get hit if you don't
move and well Bob you just go insane
here
and that's all I want to say so this one
don't come to Mexico Bob I know you
didn't want to Edwards but if you come
to Mexico don't drive